docs: add docs for schema auto-discovery (#14065)
apache/druid: docs/ingestion/ingestion-spec.md

  ~ under the License.
  -->

> All ingestion methods use ingestion tasks to load data into Druid. Streaming ingestion uses ongoing supervisors that run and supervise a set of tasks over time. Native batch and Hadoop-based ingestion use a one-time [task](tasks.md). Other than with SQL-based ingestion,  use an _ingestion spec_ to configure your ingestion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All ingestion methods use ingestion tasks to load data into Druid. Streaming ingestion uses ongoing supervisors that run and supervise a set of tasks over time. Native batch and Hadoop-based ingestion use a one-time [task](tasks.md). Other than with SQL-based ingestion, use an _ingestion spec_ to configure your ingestion.
```

> All ingestion methods use ingestion tasks to load data into Druid. Streaming ingestion uses ongoing supervisors that run and supervise a set of tasks over time. Native batch and Hadoop-based ingestion use a one-time [task](tasks.md). Other than with SQL-based ingestion,  use an _ingestion spec_ to configure your ingestion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All ingestion methods use ingestion tasks to load data into Druid. Streaming ingestion uses ongoing supervisors that run and supervise a set of tasks over time. Native batch and Hadoop-based ingestion use a one-time [task](tasks.md). Other than with SQL-based ingestion, use an _ingestion spec_ to configure your ingestion.
```

> All ingestion methods use ingestion tasks to load data into Druid. Streaming ingestion uses ongoing supervisors that run and supervise a set of tasks over time. Native batch and Hadoop-based ingestion use a one-time [task](tasks.md). Other than with SQL-based ingestion,  use an _ingestion spec_ to configure your ingestion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All ingestion methods use ingestion tasks to load data into Druid. Streaming ingestion uses ongoing supervisors that run and supervise a set of tasks over time. Native batch and Hadoop-based ingestion use a one-time [task](tasks.md). Other than with SQL-based ingestion, use an _ingestion spec_ to configure your ingestion.
```

### `dimensionsSpec`

The `dimensionsSpec` is located in `dataSchema` → `dimensionsSpec` and is responsible for
configuring [dimensions](./data-model.md#dimensions). 

You can either manually specify the dimensions or take advantage of Schema auto-discovery where you allow Druid to infer all or some of the schema for your data. This means that you don't have to explicitly specify your dimensions and their type. 

> To use Schema auto-discovery, set `useSchemaDiscovery` to `true`. 

Reviewer 2: I suppose we should continue to mention here that the classic string based mode can be used by leaving the dimensions list empty, or setting `includeAllDimension` but not `useSchemaDiscovery`.

`useSchemaDiscovery` = always use new 'auto' column indexers for any column that is discovery during ingestion
empty dimension list OR `includeAllDimensions` = classic string based schema discovery

### `dimensionsSpec`

The `dimensionsSpec` is located in `dataSchema` → `dimensionsSpec` and is responsible for
configuring [dimensions](./data-model.md#dimensions). 

You can either manually specify the dimensions or take advantage of schema auto-discovery where you allow Druid to infer all or some of the schema for your data. This means that you don't have to explicitly specify your dimensions and their type. 

To use schema auto-discovery, set `useSchemaDiscovery` to `true`. 

Alternatively, you can use the string-based schemaless ingestion where any discovered dimensions are treated as strings. To do so, leave `useSchemaDiscovery` set to `false` (default). Then, set the dimensions list to empty or set the  `includeAllDimensions` property to `true`.

> The following `dimensionsSpec` example uses schema auto-discovery (`"useSchemaDiscovery": true`) in conjunction with explicitly defined dimensions to have Druid infer some of the schema for the data::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following `dimensionsSpec` example uses schema auto-discovery (`"useSchemaDiscovery": true`) in conjunction with explicitly defined dimensions to have Druid infer some of the schema for the data:
```

}
```

<!--Schema auto-discovery-->

```json
    "tuningConfig": {
      ...
      "appendableIndexSpec": {
        ...,
        "useSchemaDiscovery": true
      },

>     },

Reviewer 2: oops, the old PR descriptions are stale, `useSchemaDiscovery` is on `dimensionsSpec` these days

Author: Is it still a child of `appendableIndexSpec`, ie:
`dimensionsSpec.appendableIndexSpec.useSchemaDiscovery`?

Reviewer 2: no, just directly on `dimensionsSpec`, `appendableIndexSpec` is part of `tuningConfig`

| `spatialDimensions`    | An array of [spatial dimensions](../development/geo.md).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | `[]`    |

> | `includeAllDimensions` | Note that this field only applies to schema-less ingestion where Druid ingests dimensions it discovers as strings. This is different from schema auto-discovery where Druid infers the type for data. You can set `includeAllDimensions` to true to ingest both explicit dimensions in the `dimensions` field and other dimensions that the ingestion task discovers from input data. In this case, the explicit dimensions will appear first in order that you specify them and the dimensions dynamically discovered will come after. This flag can be useful especially with auto schema discovery using [`flattenSpec`](./data-formats.html#flattenspec). If this is not set and the `dimensions` field is not empty, Druid will ingest only explicit dimensions. If this is not set and the `dimensions` field is empty, all discovered dimensions will be ingested. | false   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `includeAllDimensions` | Note that this field only applies to schema-less ingestion where Druid ingests dimensions it discovers as strings. This is different from schema auto-discovery where Druid infers the type for data. You can set `includeAllDimensions` to true to ingest both explicit dimensions in the `dimensions` field and other dimensions that the ingestion task discovers from input data. In this case, the explicit dimensions will appear first in the order that you specify them, and the dimensions dynamically discovered will come after. This flag can be useful especially with auto schema discovery using [`flattenSpec`](./data-formats.html#flattenspec). If this is not set and the `dimensions` field is not empty, Druid will ingest only explicit dimensions. If this is not set and the `dimensions` field is empty, all discovered dimensions will be ingested. | false   |
```

| Field | Description | Default |
|-------|-------------|---------|

> | type | Either `auto`, `string`, `long`, `float`, `double`, or `json`. For the `auto` type, Druid determines the most appropriate type for the dimension and assigns one of the following: STRING, ARRAY<STRING>, LONG, ARRAY<LONG>, DOUBLE, ARRAY<DOUBLE>, or COMPLEX<json> columns, all sharing a common 'nested' format. When you Druid infers the schema with schema auto-discovery, the type will be `auto`. | `string` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| type | Either `auto`, `string`, `long`, `float`, `double`, or `json`. For the `auto` type, Druid determines the most appropriate type for the dimension and assigns one of the following: STRING, ARRAY<STRING>, LONG, ARRAY<LONG>, DOUBLE, ARRAY<DOUBLE>, or COMPLEX<json> columns, all sharing a common 'nested' format. When Druid infers the schema with schema auto-discovery, the type is `auto`. | `string` |
```

| `spatialDimensions`    | An array of [spatial dimensions](../development/geo.md).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | `[]`    |

> | `includeAllDimensions` | You can set `includeAllDimensions` to true to ingest both explicit dimensions in the `dimensions` field and other dimensions that the ingestion task discovers from input data. In this case, the explicit dimensions will appear first in order that you specify them and the dimensions dynamically discovered will come after. This flag can be useful especially with auto schema discovery using [`flattenSpec`](./data-formats.html#flattenspec). If this is not set and the `dimensions` field is not empty, Druid will ingest only explicit dimensions. If this is not set and the `dimensions` field is empty, all discovered dimensions will be ingested. | false   |

Reviewer 2: this unfortunately hasn't actually been removed yet. I do want to consolidate it into `useSchemaDiscovery`, but haven't yet

Reviewer 2: this inspired me to open #14076 which makes `useSchemaDiscovery` pick up the behavior of `includeAllDimensions` so that we can reduce the number of flags required to use partial schema definition + schema discovery using the new stuff
